# Bella-Chat-Bot
Bella-Chat-Bot is an advanced chatbot designed specifically for restaurant services. Built using Dialogflow, an Intent Recognition model, Bella-Chat-Bot allows users to seamlessly interact with the restaurant for various tasks related to their orders and restaurant information.

## Features
New Orders: Start a new order effortlessly by conversing with the bot.  
Modify Orders: Add items to your existing order or remove unwanted items.  
Reset Orders: Discard your current order and create a new one.  
Submit Orders: Finalize and submit your order to the restaurant.  
Order Tracking: Track the status of your submitted order in real-time.  
Restaurant Timings: View the operational hours of the restaurant.  

## Technologies Used
Dialogflow: An Intent Recognition Model for intent recognition and natural language understanding.  
MySQL: To manage and store order data efficiently.  
FASTAPI: A modern, fast (high-performance), web framework for building APIs with Python.  
HTML & CSS: Simple and clean frontend for user interaction.  
ngrok: Used to tunnel local development servers to make them accessible over the internet via HTTPS, required for Dialogflow integration.  

## Setup and Installation
### Clone the repository:
git clone https://github.com/Sahaj-26/Bella-Chat-Bot.git  
cd Bella-Chat-Bot

### Install dependencies:
pip install -r requirements.txt

### Set up MySQL database:
Create a new MySQL database.
Update the database configuration in the backend code.

### Run ngrok in your in your command prompt:
ngrok http 8000
Copy the HTTPS URL generated by ngrok.

### Configure Dialogflow:
Set up your Dialogflow agent.
Use the ngrok HTTPS URL to configure webhook settings in Dialogflow.

### Start the backend server in your IDE:
uvicorn main:app --reload

## Usage
Interact with Bella-Chat-Bot via your Dialogflow agent. You can start your interaction by simply saying "hi"! The bot can handle various user intents related to restaurant orders, providing a seamless and efficient ordering experience.
